Document new "send to" interactions in log expl. (#5671)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/explorer/_index.md

* [Build a context to explore your logs](#context).
* [Visualize your logs as a filtered Logstream or Log Analytics](#visualization).
* [Setup your log explorer view by creating facets and measure from your logs](#setup).

> * [Share the content of your explorer view to another page within Datadog or outside of Datadog.](#share-view)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Share the content of your explorer view to another page within or outside of Datadog.](#share-views)
```

{{< img src="logs/explorer/search_your_logs.mp4" alt="Search your logs" video="true" responsive="true" >}}

### Save Views

Use Saved Views to automatically configure your Log Explorer with a preselected set of facets, measures, searches, time ranges, and visualizations. Check the dedicated [saved views documentation][2] to learn more.

### Send Views to

Export your current Log Visualization with the *Send To...* functionality:

{{< img src="logs/explorer/send_view_to.png" alt="Send view to" responsive="true" style="width:60%;">}}

> The *Send To...* button is the go-to for interactions to sent a log explorer view in other contexts, inside Datadog or outside Datadog. Available interactions vary depending on explorer page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Send To...* button allows you to send your current log explorer view to another page within Datadog or outside of Datadog:
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Log Search" %}}

| Button            | Description                                                                                                          |
|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Export to Monitor | Export the query applied to your Logstream in order to create the log monitor query for a new [log monitor][1]       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Export to Monitor | Export the query applied to your Logstream to create the log monitor query for a new [log monitor][1]       |
```

> | Export to CSV     | Export your current Logstream view with its selected column into a CSV file. You can export up to 5000 logs at once. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Export to CSV     | Export your current Logstream view with its selected columns into a CSV file. You can export up to 5000 logs at once. |
```

> | Share View     | Share a link to the view with teammates through email, Slack and more (see our [notification integrations][2]) to teammates using the Share View item. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Share View     | Share a link to the current view with your teammates through email, Slack and more. See all [Datadog notification integrations][2] available. |
```

[1]: /monitors/monitor_types/log
[2]: /integrations/#cat-notification
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Log Analytics" %}}

| Button              | Description                                                                                                                                                   |
|---------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Export to Monitor   | Export the query applied to your Log Analytics in order to create the log monitor query for a new [log monitor][1] |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Export to Monitor   | Export the query applied to your Log Analytics to create the log monitor query for a new [log monitor][1]. |
```

> | Export to Dashboard | to embed the corresponding content in a widget in a [dashboard][2]. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Export to Dashboard | Export the current analytic as a widget within a chosen [dashboard][2]. |
```

Author: It can be a new dashboard as well

Reviewer 2: suggestion updated

> | Generate new Metric | to [generate a metric][3] out of the current query |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Generate new Metric | [Generate a new metric][3] out of the current analytic query.  |
```

{{< img src="logs/explorer/search_your_logs.mp4" alt="Search your logs" video="true" responsive="true" >}}

### Save Views

Use Saved Views to automatically configure your Log Explorer with a preselected set of facets, measures, searches, time ranges, and visualizations. Check the dedicated [saved views documentation][2] to learn more.

### Send Views to

Export your current Log Visualization with the *Send To...* functionality:

> {{< img src="logs/explorer/send_view_to.png" alt="Send view to" responsive="true" style="width:30%;>}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< img src="logs/explorer/send_view_to.png" alt="Send view to" responsive="true" style="width:30%;">}}
```

{{< img src="logs/explorer/search_your_logs.mp4" alt="Search your logs" video="true" responsive="true" >}}

> ### Saved Views

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Saved views
```

> Use Saved Views to automatically configure your Log Explorer with a preselected set of facets, measures, searches, time ranges, and visualizations. Check the dedicated [saved views documentation][2] to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use saved views to automatically configure your log explorer with a preselected set of facets, measures, searches, time ranges, and visualizations. Check the dedicated [saved views documentation][2] to learn more.
```

> ### Share Views

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Share views
```

> Export your current Log Visualization with the *Share* functionality:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export your current log visualization with the *share* functionality:
```

{{< img src="logs/explorer/send_view_to.png" alt="Send view to" responsive="true" style="width:60%;">}}

> The *Share* button allows you to send your current log explorer view to another page within Datadog or outside of Datadog:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the *share* button to send your current log explorer view to a CSV file, team member, or create a monitor:
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Log Search" %}}

| Button            | Description                                                                                                          |
|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Export to Monitor | Export the query applied to your Logstream to create the log monitor query for a new [log monitor][1]       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Export to Monitor | Export the query applied to your logstream to create the query for a new [log monitor][1].       |
```

> | Export to CSV     | Export your current Logstream view with its selected columns into a CSV file. You can export up to 5000 logs at once. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Export to CSV     | Export your current logstream view with its selected columns to a CSV file. You can export up to 5,000 logs at once. |
```

> | Share View     | Share a link to the current view with your teammates through email, Slack and more. See all [Datadog notification integrations][2] available. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Share View     | Share a link to the current view with your teammates through Email, Slack, and more. See all [Datadog notification integrations][2] available. |
```

[1]: /monitors/monitor_types/log
[2]: /integrations/#cat-notification
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Log Analytics" %}}

| Button              | Description                                                                                                                                                   |
|---------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Export to Monitor   | Export the query applied to your Log Analytics to create the log monitor query for a new [log monitor][1]. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Export to Monitor   | Export the query applied to your log analytics to create the query for a new [log monitor][1]. |
```

> | Export to Dashboard | Export the current analytic as a widget into an existing or a new [dashboard][2]. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Export to Dashboard | Export the current analytic as a widget to an existing or new [dashboard][2]. |
```

The **View in context** button updates the search request in order to show you the log lines dated just before and after a selected log—even if they don't match your filter. This context is different according to the situation, as Datadog uses the `Hostname`, `Service`, `filename`, and `container_id` attributes, along with tags, in order find the appropriate context for your logs.

 

> The **Share** Button is the go-to to share the log opened in side panel to other contexts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **Share** button to share the log opened in side panel to other contexts. 
```

> * **Copy the JSON log** content to the clipboard (or use keyboard shortcut interaction (Ctrl+C/Cmd+C)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Copy to clipboard** or `Ctrl+C` / `Cmd+C` copies the log JSON to your clipboard.
```

> * **Share a link** to the log (along with the underlying view) to teammates through email, Slack and more (see our [notification integrations][5]) with Share Event interaction. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Share Event** shares the log (along with the underlying view) with teammates through Email, Slack, and more. See all [Datadog notification integrations][4] available. 
```
Link 5 doesn't exist for this tab. The next number is 4. Add:
`[4]: /integrations/#cat-notification` at line 156
